Add Style Dictionary as output option (#28)
inthepocket/hubble-scripts: README.md

# You can optionally specify a config output dir. Otherwise current working directory will be used:
$ ./hubble-cli "/Users/hubble/Desktop/MyDesign.sketch" --outputDir="/var/hubble/"

# You can also export to a Style Dictionary compatible format.
$ ./hubble-cli "/Users/hubble/Desktop/MyDesign.sketch" --useStyleDictionaryOutput
```

If you need more fine-tuning over this export flow, Hubble provides even more options to [customize your design token output][wiki].

### Style Dictionary

> Hubble Scripts supports a variant on our standard ITP Tokens, which is compatible with the [style dictionary][style dictionary] build system.

Reviewer: Please replace:

```suggestion
hubble-scripts supports a variant on our default generic design tokens, which is compatible with the [Style Dictionary][style dictionary] build system.
```

Reviewer: + link to https://github.com/inthepocket/hubble-scripts/wiki/Exporting-design-tokens#style-dictionary

# You can optionally specify an asset output dir. Otherwise current working directory will be used:
$ ./sketchtool.sh "/Users/hubble/Desktop/MyDesign.sketch" "/var/hubble/assets/images"

# You can also export to a Style Dictionary compatible format.

> $ ./sketchtool.sh "/Users/hubble/Desktop/MyDesign.sketch" --useStyleDictionaryOutput

Reviewer: Sketchtool is not responsible for exporting tokens, this should be updated in the section above.

Reviewer 2: Aw geesh 😞
